README.md, before:

> ## **IMPORTANT**

> This module is no longer maintained, however if you would like to step forward and do so, please let us know.

# SilverStripe Wordpress Connector Module

The Wordpress connector module allows you to link to and import pages and posts
from an external Wordpress site.

The module supports importing both pages and posts, and can also migrate comments
and linked media from posts to the local site.

## Maintainer Contacts
*  Marucs Nyeholt (<marcus@silverstripe.com.au>)

## Requirements
*  SilverStripe 2.4+ and 3.1.
*  The External Content module.
*  The SilverStripe Blog Module is required for importing blog posts.

## Installation Instructions
*  Ensure the External Content module is installed
*  Place this directory in the root of your SilverStripe site, making sure it
   is named "wordpressconnector".
*  Run example.com/dev/build on your site to re-build the database.

## Project Links
*  [GitHub Project Page](https://github.com/ajshort/silverstripe-wordpressconnector)
*  [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/ajshort/silverstripe-wordpressconnector/issues)

Commit message:

IMPORTANT, this module is no longer actively maintained.

README.md, after:

> ## **IMPORTANT**

> This module is no longer actively maintained, however, if you're interested in adopting it, please let us know!

# SilverStripe Wordpress Connector Module

The Wordpress connector module allows you to link to and import pages and posts
from an external Wordpress site.

The module supports importing both pages and posts, and can also migrate comments
and linked media from posts to the local site.

## Maintainer Contacts
*  Marucs Nyeholt (<marcus@silverstripe.com.au>)

## Requirements
*  SilverStripe 2.4+ and 3.1.
*  The External Content module.
*  The SilverStripe Blog Module is required for importing blog posts.

## Installation Instructions
*  Ensure the External Content module is installed
*  Place this directory in the root of your SilverStripe site, making sure it
   is named "wordpressconnector".
*  Run example.com/dev/build on your site to re-build the database.

## Project Links
*  [GitHub Project Page](https://github.com/ajshort/silverstripe-wordpressconnector)
*  [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/ajshort/silverstripe-wordpressconnector/issues)
